sofe good night Thursday 18 February 19 hours Brasília
and those angels Our pound interpreter on the right end there the Colonel
waiter trained by IME and president of Inmetro and the empty chair as always right
Tarciso arriving late if he went to the gym Rezende would be punished here you
goes to Tarcísio not so quickly some steels to enter an agenda
it matters right everyone who has a vehicle that passes through our channel
Gerson there quickly here the federal police made the biggest apprehension of
cocaine in the year was Lara in the region is from Pernambuco right is where she learned a sailboat
so it was a job of the Federal Police together with the Brazilian Navy
hi and then curiosity, right, people make comments there so you have to
most comments are really collaborate issues an opinion some want
knowing what it was did the picture oga because I think this drug There it is diverted Okay I
I already spoke with Minister André Mendonça about the next staging of drug incineration
in Brazil we will do a whole job and Filming weighing for lunch that
these drugs periodically is only incinerated by has a comment here
that really upset people I will speak the name all the exchange Carlos
Eduardo surname here and he said here that that
which was only apprehended by the people who were in the Veneno, four Miriam were only
apprehended that did not pay the bribe then it is a job debauchery over the
Federal Police on top of that of Brazilian Navy personnel also then have to
give an answer he is answer was the following dear Carlos Eduardo ahead and
such I will send your complaint to PF you are the federal police found the certainty
to contact your Carlos Eduardo has more of his surname here
for him then to denounce the people of the pf and the navy that only learning the guy
because because they didn’t pay a bribe right then it will be explained then a
really critical meticulous work that are days times days sometimes even
investigation manages to reach already has a citizen starts there to disqualify the
work of the Brazilian Navy pf says that as it is,
the bribe why they were arrested and the drugs seized in got a chance
now explain Federal Police and and what really happened that a
this accusation is that we cannot if we cannot accept it and he will have a chance now
explain to you then
and today also the federal police made an operation in several states in Brazil is
on top of the emergency aid ie millions of people who used data
to third parties, you know, to get emergency assistance, the damage has already been
and I wanted a case or a beer in the sky It would come back to exist that the damage is expected
billionaire that the federal police left me here to happen in Brazil
or else on top of what happened i'm going after to recover this resource
such a thing is also boring to touch is my mom is 93 years old 93 years old
of age here the photograph of her lives in the interior of São Paulo is to have the problems
of age Since it is common right Who can get there
unfortunately a considerable part is going to have the problems that she has and I
use he are six living children that she has passed away we decided is that she
should get the vaccine and she was vaccinated So she was vaccinated and
something happened that is unbelievable and doesn’t believe it so I repeat she lives in
State of São Paulo Vale do Ribeira the company tonight or here with me
portal R7 displaying the photo of my mother bolsonaro mother took the CRO nawaki
show official data and you know the intended use here
so I use a mask here now the vaccine card is here so here is the
my mother's vaccination card she was vaccinated
Good morning March 5th to February 5th
15 days 5 now 2021 date February 12th, 21 is here ah see that
the date in the second fold first hours Rua Doze de Fevereiro 21 Lot is the
Oxford manufacturer here his signature vaccinator is the registry
professional Ah ok then it was vaccinated 93
unit has another lady wants to buy my mom she stays at the house
de Jandir little sister does not cause brothers with three sisters that I have stays in the house
of sisters and the guy left my mother's 93-year-old Vasco went away two
hours later two hours later the guy goes back there all scared goes after the
my mom's house calls the person accompanying my mom and picks up the card
her vaccine, this is it and it rips I have half the torn card that is
quick nutrition here and then give my mother the vaccine written here
below Butantã and here the professional Regia Walter
Lacerda de Oliveira Prado nurse COREN São Paulo 307 633 so two hours
then he comes back from tearing the vaccine card in my mother from Forte and delivers it
one from Butantã and then there is a presence doing politics over my mother with 93
years of age It is worth remembering that a few years ago Globo's growing magazine are
calling passed through Vale do Ribeira and intervention my mother who already had
signs of Alzheimer's and the and the magazine published a headline
bolsonaro mother he was not he was not talkative [ __ ] that cross my
mother and asked her if her son Jair Messias bolsonaro spoke
[ __ ] and my poor mother No no they never said [ __ ] he didn't speak
[ __ ] and the headline of the magazine growing up was that I didn't speak in the past
[ __ ] and implied that nowadays I talk [ __ ] and this is the Earth is
Globo This is Globo and some other press agencies are also
it’s a big size on top of a lady who was 80 at the time 86
87 years old and now 93 years old doing a cowardice with the vaccine so
of my mother, which is proven here, I knew it offered published that I went
warned already had my sisters who came home late does not write
used And bake this and this cheap media right R7 among others and
not to do with Mrs. Olinda bonturi bolsonaro test arrived not yet not
well then come on let's get on with it here until i need to get the
Weapons decree were four decrees we are right there No Limit below that
the law allows we did nothing more than that has parliamentarians coming in with the
project is that attractive in bed in the Senate and has parliamentarians also coming with
action with the Supreme Court always that small party is that that
help the Supreme Court against government measures to prevent us from being able
working well for brazil 'makes it clear that nothing else we did
also attend the 2005 plebiscite where the people decided to buy and sell
weapons in Brazil were 64 percent, which were favorable to the purchase and sale of
weapon of Brazil So let's try it, but now our PSOL already had access
these actions have nothing of materiality nothing nothing everything is all
According to the law, we didn’t give it to anyone. Some complained
watchmen for example complain about me, you forgot watchmen I say your
vigilant that the size of you has to be by law has a project even against the
deputy not on camera and tries very well new bills from other parliamentarians in the
The Chamber is also proceeding with the objective of extending the door eh You
buy other categories I can’t do the door you there yes the decree-law that you
overturned for unconstitutionality because I would be legislating right beyond the
that the law allows hopes that the vigilant days may carry a firearm
fire is also life São Francisco do Sul I've been Santa
Catarina arrived on Saturday just after lunch and returned on Wednesday
before lunch go there obviously give you a relaxed but most of the time
Are you working on something? How big is your heavy work in a little while?
will enter the field there is the collection of the price of fuel does not have to not
was upset by the readjustment today of 10 percent in gasoline and fifteen percent
nudism i fourth adjustment of the month so Petrobras has this
is this guarantee right this freedom autonomy to readjust fuels
taking into account the price of a barrel of oil abroad and taking into account the
dollar price in here and other factors weighs negatively on the issue of
refineries fuel price As it says on Live last here Brazil was
involved in an adventure in the past to build two refineries in the northeast
one here in the southeast but another purchase of a refinery in peace from Dina and
the final loss exceeded 200 billion reais this account is not in the
lap of Petrobras is there in the account of the Brazilian people so Petrobras will
paying this debt of over 200 billion reais Sponsoring the PT government
nobody deny I even say right the two refineries in the Northeast one of
southeast that the biggest consumption were southeast that have to be one in the northeast and two in the
southeast the direction in each location so to make politicalha to be able to attend the
companion Chávez at the time, right? He decided to invest in refineries there to
benefit oil from Venezuela and gave this and this this loss
huge for the Brazilian people
and today The Official Gazette of the Union published a reduction in the rate of
import taxes on bicycles in Brazil So this net it 35%
That is the regulatory tax today the camex may have decreased without seeking to compensate for the
which is what stopped collecting here to collect elsewhere so you can
reduce it from there obviously it was a suggestion of mine I always try to reduce the
tax burden wherever our government is
nothing Unlike São Paulo which increased and cms almost everything besides us
not increasing anything reduced several rates among them the bicycle that she
is 35%, it still goes from March now to thirty percent in July
to 25 and from December 20 percent
and there, there are other products, we are going to seek to reduce that.
important yes we have more bicycles in Brazil than vehicles so there are millions
tens of thousands of people who use bicycles in Brazil we go slowly
buying example has certain materials that is considered to be a toy but actually
are used for by olympic athletes we will Car reduce the percentage of
importing this material and then the fact came out right, it's sad to be upset because
the ignorance of some goes in the comments I don’t eat a bicycle I
I want to know the price of Rice Look at the price of Rice largely comes from
politics does not stay at home the economy has later I answer with these guys
want to claim is your right is really not rice worth going up
from price now onwards the quality to believe high is the
corn grew the accessory also then the infraction in the products of the basic basket
hit the twenty percent last year number and huge name ok
taking into account the value of his salon now I want to complain You can complain
No problem but no destination brought look over me go first on the page
your Governor who closed everything that closed the trade that forced you to stay
at home and destroyed millions of jobs goes first on them and then
you come at me so you have to share it is not to share responsibility
who really and took Brazil in the situation and look that
Brazil taking into account the FM numbers I of the best left the academy
because we take steps to protect jobs with the pronoun for example that
not my government's proposal by the way Senator Jorginho Mello de
Santa Catarina as it is commits trucker that São Vicente to test there
at the congress in bed, it also passed in the Senate for us to decrease the number of times
Tax amount charged is not fertile of the truck driver is the middle truckers
if God wants me to bed the proof next week or next week too
another initiative of senator Jorginho Mello any parliamentarian who has the good
initiative we are going to look for this project and work on it And give the due
credit to the deputy or senator and has many deputies is well intentioned
inside the chamber and the Brazilian Senate well then the many questions right
you there I don’t eat bike patience right I spent this is an ignorance without
size as we reduced from 16 to zero percent also the tax
importing truck tires as we reduced 16 for pain per center
parts for agricultural machinery we go and help who can help
there are some I think I should attack at sea and not the other attack in any area and
seeing the customer were seeing [ __ ] there if I had another one in Peru and
saturday sunday fabric I remember that back there he didn't ask for anything Governor
Mouse Send a hug to your father a hug like what I have to say
of Paraná and the many things he has read will do is not armored with the binational Itaipu
that is doing works there in the center and the fault of the Cephalexin charges from the government
tarcízio of the Ratinho government with its secretary-general Silvio in I spoke
duplication in the 469 publication of the 469 pavement in Boiadeira that Boiadeira
thing say very old thing from decades Is this the doubling of access Airport
Foz do Iguaçu the doubling of access to the extension of the runway at Foz Airport and
several meters the extension and 600 meters from the Airport of Foz côa It is to allow good
internet was international that stopped in Argentina this is it Come here
Ready now in April and more Second International Bridge According to the police
national of Paraguay a hug is the husband of some Paraguayans watching
a hug or to the present husband from Paraguay for 2 billion investment does
he told me it's time to close the numbers now I
had with him in Cascavel now will hit Two Billion and a half investment is
thing in the past binational Itaipu is one I had no idea percent of it
and what happened there I don’t know anyone can think someone wants to kill the
work I talked about the tax tariff tariff reduction just now
import of tire parts for tractors and agricultural machinery without
similar in Brazil we are already going we will now enter the
interesting that we entered last week in the complementary bill
on fuel ICMS and fuel cms
well then it's an email from the account at the time of 2001 i was already a deputy when this
this amendment was approved there and the same thing only applies to the
product and the proposal Our here is for you to decide what the value of the ICMS is
in each type of fuel and you will not have this one of ours So
how do I decide I think I even do Asus instead of saying here for
example the tax on gasoline ICMS already X It can give a maximum value and each
state goes up to that maximum there that has been here It seems the more it
believe when it seems that the poorer the state I live though SMS
and then I can make the table here next week now that matters here
entering you in the cradle line will also say something to us back here look
it’s very well following the room’s officers, the military of the room is crazy
army two mistakes here more modern and you're three years more wet when I
I put the one I indicated, right, the waiter for Inmetro was a critic, right, military
smoothing everything put a colonel in the immense detail the Inmetro was in the eminence
to reduce from two to one year what the gauging of the chronotachograph speaks more
loud that you for the betrayal of when you have colic and that there is here that
represents in the pocket and two million truck drivers 400 more real each
so every measurement with the reals it turned 22 and it would be done
then this would be equivalent to every two years plus 400 is expenses so
we put it and not 18 what it smelled like at the time I
know how to multiply 410 by two million just for truckers is another 3-pin socket
that the pepper I was preparing right
well then a news here we work on holy week there in San Francisco São
Francisco do Sul São Chico and the fuel collection and today at
afternoon meeting with the Economic team ahead of Paulo Guedes decision
Ours, as of March 1, now there will no longer be any Federal tax in the
kitchen gas Asia eternal so there will not be any Federal tax on gas
of kitchen that is on average nowadays R $ 90 the tip of the line there for the
consumer there and the price of the original one so to speak is a little below 40 already
so you’re novena I’m 50 there SMS state tax and it’s also to pay
there the EA distribution profit margin of those who sell at the end of there
and we now have to have a rate way of showing the population how much is
which is the ICMS of each state and then the profit margin of the distributor is left
right and the value of distribution for people to know
and who is it really whoever is abusing there to sell
then the gas at the end of now what was treated now that Paulo César
an increase in my understanding here okay I'll criticize is a moment outside the curve
Petrobras 10% today in gasoline and fifteen percent diesel 4 readjustment of
year the scolding always comes above me only that Petrobras has autonomy and
and when some agency makes any decision, it’s like back there
I wanted to see the sun, right? She sent a way to talk about not having tea and
those who make use of photovoltaic energy also wanted to blame me
saying this is private is a decision that I have no way to interfere
in it which is Daniel National Electric Energy Agency Gabriel decided not to
charade then made life easier he has to invest energy there is
here in Brazil and what was decided today from the 1st
March there will also be no Federal tax on diesel for two months
Saturday we will then for two months there will be no Federal tax upon
of tithing because after two months we are both going to study a way
to seek to zero this tax in Sisu even to help
counterbalance This increase in my excessive understanding of Petrobras but I
I cannot interfere nor would I interfere in Petrobras although something
will happen at Petrobras It is in the next few days you have to change some
thing there happen now i'm congress here the Colonel Girls who is formed like this
that I return Sisu by the Military Engineering Institute
what his job and have a lot of stuff here say sh * t that quickly
speak for what it is used also very quickly present Inmetro is very
known for that Face that looked like Fantástico to help the consumer of
consumer protection but it is a much more complex institute than that it has a
very strong arm of support to the productive sector both in technological research
accreditation system to give confidence in products confidence in
organisms that are going to do product inspections So Alex is assisting in
Tariff barriers for the removal of tariff barriers various techniques of
removal of technical barriers to trade so Inmetro he has an arm
to support the functioning of the Market to have a very interesting arm of support
to the productive sector in technology in innovation to prepare the productive sector for
industry 4.0 you have the power to make life easier for the Entrepreneur of
entrepreneurs is to show the population the quality and
efficiency every material that is on the shelf on the other hand you can I
also be able to make life difficult for everyone as it happened in managements
previous in part in my government until we realize is completing a
Neto's year now that there was something wrong there I took it and said to
intervention nor food the intervention even intervention will change everybody
so if there are people who were there for a long time, there was a person
which was also at the time of the taking, I entered time and that served to give
a billionaire loss here in the consumer in Brazil all right now I will
go back to the fuel you can already have a son whatever you want my son is we
we did a campaign about 10 days to send invoices to
people about gas stations
we all started to analyze precisely how to post there in Rio Grande do Norte a
thing that are all but not put the Federal tax there was the value and
posted 10 So whoever took that note didn’t understand it right, look, I need to
I'll show you the snake here every 100 liters of gasoline charges every 100 radios
charges R $ 45 and the State Governor doesn’t charge anything the winner is cool So
there is a political factor the other that the note didn’t print the reality you will get
the note of any other any other state you see that the price is charged
this MS over an average value calculated in the fortnight so for example a
liter of gas you go there at the gas station now it's $ 5 there are five are you boot
so Hi 20 liters you put cereal you the cms is thirty percent the state
get 50, but when it's $ 5 there it is
embedded the price of the refinery the SMS the federal taxes that generally Jehovah
are two is one or two I can't federal the profit margin is distributed from
distributor and the price also of the profit of the gas stations so the
ICMS is charged is well to have raised this objective even in the ICMS
of our project sent to the congress so that the one with phase So if
gather and decide the value of the ICMS on top of each addition of fuel how does the
federal government for example diesel oil ours is the federal government charges
35 cents per liter of good diesel then follow a path he puts
400,000, which is not much for the truck, right? Boot 400 liters he
multiplies by thirty-five cents 120 from the waist $ 140 right then $ 140
I can Federal and it takes a shock right there you have to see how much the tax is good
but Federal Talita the state presented above average the value
generally As a rule the tax at the end of gasoline for example the state tax is a
little more than double the Federal Tax so we’re reducing it by two
months the value of the PIS cofins that I tax Federal the only one that exists in
on top of diesel oil So this is this salad on the invoice that Who
inspect if I'm not mistaken it's revenue so there was a meeting yesterday right
a high level to believe present at yesterday's meeting there
if someone was present at yesterday's meeting who was very high, he missed
record that meeting, right, it's worth, right, autism level where we accuse
responsibility everybody nobody pays attention nobody pays attention to anything you
goes in the revenue you still do not inspect revenue because it is the case of response
and I can’t get the attention of the National Petroleum Agency because the
independent but has assignment also does nothing you go on up to the
her job talking oops is not my obligation or how do I price Petrobras
the correction of a few days right I have nothing to do with the truck driver
the price increases here I have nothing to do with the truck driver
said the president of Petrobras, this will have a consequence Look, I don't have
nothing to do with it then you go I went underground Inmetro now it's ok
working for some time now for a few months in a way not to
checking starting ICMS is another collection of volume conversion that for many times
you fill up your car, right? And you are in doubt.
marker there 20 He entered whether or not he uses fraud nowadays Dias Speak some
thing up to how much the percent more or less the volume up to a
evidence come out of fraud and twenty percent of the volume around that so
video boot guy I took us laugh But it's pro 16 in the tank Twenty percent
to give four lines ok if his car was economical 60 km
and it weighs in your pocket and you don’t see it you know you paid and that
car didn’t provide that service right appropriate if you take that distance
so, for example, the quality is with Neto the volume of reception that he is doing
of this so that this volume is actually placed inside the tank of those
paid for fuel at the gas station the sophistication of the coup reached the point
so big that the fraudsters they go on the plate that makes the on the device that
makes the transformation of the mechanical measurement of the rotating vane pump
for digital which is what the consumer is seeing So the consumer is seeing a
as in fact it's already defrauded so Inmetro has been working together with
the National Institute of Information Technology ICU of the civilian house will make the
digital certification of these pumps the first object in Brazil until a
digital certification this will strongly inhibit
baby shower will make it possible to capture information not only on the volume if
fueled amount being charged that this is going to be it for the other
agencies for np for IRS to be able to make all the theories about it
and you will be able to inspect the post and crazy or there at the headquarters food will be able
inspecting the consumer himself will be able with his cell phone to help in
inspection and remotely Inmetro for information such as Sérgio as is
of INMETRO in Xerém the headquarters of Inmetro is here in Brasilia and the technological center
soda you can here hello yours some people remotely inspecting
the fuel stations with regard to the volume entered do not have to be how much
time working on that proposal since I arrived in the year that you think
that at first you can start to put this into practice the expectation
friend came from the King of the year the first pumps already certified depend on the
right of the manufacturer, bring this pump and approve it
and I here only Frozen in double taxation the fraud in the volume of fuel and
also in the quality of it is a billionaire trade you are
understanding where I’m putting my hand in the bowl that I’m putting my hand in
and then it is already that I do a poor job to find a solution comes some
face there on the ship if you write [ __ ] attack Okay heart of
elections there sell blanket Choose a better guy because it's full of good candidates
out there not only for president I spent in the governor's okay you
solves the problem now who goes to a page for us who treats you with
affection're page to inform people to exchange ideas exchange
suggestions is that you get upset when you go to write I’m going to write [ __ ] there I don’t
as a bicycle and fuel as it is because you increased the price of
fuel has to know what's going on and you can collaborate I
I want to thank everyone who sends me And there were hundreds of notes for me
tax authorities throughout Brazil, she was careful to supply the Brazilian government with
request some criticized is because I can’t put 20 already this one I’m poor
stupid things that mistake is easier to do the account closed 45 of
tax up to 45 percent is getting dressed up to written thirty réis of state tax
that the ICMS and is 20 how can you Twenty percent
out of 100 out of 30, just playing doesn't pass the discussion on
play that PSOL to those people with that gun, right, solve that
people quickly resolve this account so always say it and nobody saw it
it’s not for the president of Brazil to worry about being here below
up is from Inmetro you can see the appropriate answer with Tarcísio too
I always had his support. You have to deal with this matter and it is not easy for you to deal with it.
on something that is used in Brazil all over, and the possibility of fraud of profits
millionaires to 11 billionaires from the other I said that there is a state in Brazil
still not polemic I will talk about the state is that the CCP rules the foot centered reasonable
of gas stations and this state authority does not seem to give
ball for it so I never went to the Federal Police we do our
work but it’s not easy for you to investigate it but it’s okay for that
Saturday I even need the fifteen percent salty news
too salty but that's it is taking as you can take today
emergency, excluding the Federal tax and for a period of time for people
think about really structuring measures for us to fight if the
price volatility of the same then the truck drivers started from 1st
March the tax that has the invoice you I ask you to be a
person that well is State is not Ours the price of high you who will say
It is High or not if the sofa is here, the price of the Republic refinery is going to be here
there is also a decree Nossa to be published there to oblige the posts
fuels to put and the price of the refinery and put Federal that goes to
diesel is going to be zero from March State tax is your Governor you
see if there is a high non-profit margin for fuel owners and the
below that of the fuel distribution we cannot some one who
just want to charge the gasoline immediately the house also the Federal tax is
high 79 cents per liter of PIS cofins and another 10 cents for Confins is 80
Federal tax 89 cents a liter of gasoline each state has a percentage
over the gasoline at the pumps did not decrease the value of that of the gas station
gasoline is very difficult that every time we reduce it and we have to look for the
the same resource in another location or create the new tax or increase or increase the
another existing tax now that that we are going to do comes here the waiter
make an average America has strength that the owner is serious will not deny it there but
as an average we cannot say that it is in the rush rush moments
percent of the fuel volume is just to bring
so this is worth more or less to give percent price of
fuel you really fill your tank with quality gasoline 10 see the
collection of gasoline baptized water boto solvent other things there
to stay there Some obviously cheaper than gasoline So you will
paying a high price on the product product should be cheaper for counterfeiting
Marcia has another expense you will have another expense on the carburetor that's right
help there i said carburetor all the car's explosion system
car power helps in that area too
I got it, let's get the one with the questions for today, there is a carburetor
today too much Ferrari in our time had had to act and the distributor cap already
we made her cheer up that I served has the sergeant re-appointed in that known as
sergeant the trigger then any mission the staff I special lieutenant right and the
older people always liked requisitioning him to make the trip that get out of the land
and because it helps the captive to break the throttle cable he
pulled his suitcase from Gato Félix He had pliers he had wire he fixed it right
if Gray was rolling today, right, he could find a way to put sandpaper in there
he spoke more than looking at me the car dispenser cover also didn’t give him
solved the problem that heated up the kart he wanted to find a way to
refrigerate that thing until a flat tire he gives
I arrived back at the barracks. So, it’s worth noting that Valdo today is captain of the
the game's there from Rio Grande do Sul to our Sergeant the trigger today
nowadays there is no problem right nowadays it looks like a television today
up-to-date with TV we didn’t used to sell it changed the grandma to solve
today you have to change it there are components first question to him if he uses it if he uses the
Hi good evening Minister Tarcísio struggles with the participation of the Railway Sector in
Brazilian transport network by the end of next year and if you think
that this will correspond to a significant reduction in the cost of Brazil
thank you thank you there for the question that uses Rail transport is
growing a lot in Brazil because we know but today 22 25 million tons
of grain from Mato Grosso destined for export and already arrive at the port of
Santos Via railroad and this will be intensified now with the railroad
north-south that is completely ready goes into operation in the middle of the year
President will soon be inaugurating a section as it is that until
São Simão we start building the Integration Railway until the middle of the year
from the Midwest we will have this year the integration railroad auction
west-east the auction of ferro grain and we are offering a Railway offer in the
system the participation in the Rail mode in the matrix will go up
gradually in we have 8 10 years and should double the
people should go from fifteen percent to thirty percent and every time they
the new railway enters the system, we add transportation offers
obviously this will have a repercussion in the post just to have an idea in the
passed with the paving of the 163 to the freight to the North arc dropped 26 by
percent pushed the freight all down because the railway operator who's
doing for example Rondonópolis Santos you can see that road freight was there
cheaper and it lowers his freight Rail we provoke
promoting competition between transport furniture mainly with this
strong entry of the railways into the system this will actually lower the cost considerably
Brazil is to have freight reductions there in the first moment the next five years
that will hit 25 thirty percent this should reach 40 50 in ten years
the course prepares second question Only curiosity is Green Piece
and is against reducing
and the price of elastic diesel as it’s high enough to discourage
this type of fuel is what would be the alternative of the report page but it is
I benefit there against the truck drivers is another question Augusto far
the minister she
It is possible to recover money from the vase on behalf of the government
and thanks Augusto thanks for the question The North-South Railway So she
now has three plots that will be ready recently the first one was
ready now in december it's starting to operate which is the stretch that goes up to
Estrela do Oeste to São Simão the second to Rio Verde is ready in April and the
last that until Anápolis is ready in June So it means that from the
end of June to one operating The entire Railway that will then connect by
type here right there in Itaqui the Carajás railway goes out it connects to
north-south railroad in Açailândia goes to the western star of São Paulo where it
hitches in the Paulista grid that this year will receive a two bi point of
investment already in the den of the extension and we will double the capacity then
in July EA we will have the north-south railway operating we will
see commodities we go from general cargo containerized cargo transportation of
Bistek container, right, that personal stacked container is going to come there a lot
and send forever and this recovery of the stolen resource and then I
I think that a little bit of what we’re experiencing President is as much as it was
stolen from Petrobras, right, because in the end they stole money from Abreu and
Lima stole money from Comperj stole money and from the prizes of
Maranhão and Ceará do Ceará stole passadinha after all is us
we were dependent on the imported derivative, we could already have a
self-sufficiency and refining we did not have due to what happened
working hard with aggeo on asset recovery every day they
pretty much announces a new money recovery deal and really
that we will see the freight falling there with the railroads
we will change the dynamics by trucker trucker will go to work on
that the buildings that give me return for
kilometer traveled we will also see the truck driver earn more money
transport logic there changes
and I Augusto was from the beginning of the story here in our check to pass Live this
refineries' loss was over 200 billion reais in a detail around
25 percent of the saying that we use here comes from outside and its price here for
people to see if they sell below the market, right, people will not, will not
sell it to us here so we can resell it here at a lower price than
everyone would not make a profit So this diesel price also takes into account
in addition to the price of the barrel outside the dollar in here also the market price of
diesel if it weren't for those three big refineries that were announced
right, with a lot of pomp back there working, we would not have this problem of refining the
Brazil and detail our refineries that stopped on average 20 days a year to
proper maintenance 40 days a year because of Invite
one more problem and then Petrobras claim that Jesus I am not I am the
Petrobras if we do not increase the price here at the refinery right
which is the tithe goes to the refinery but as if we had naria we can
causing the shortage in Brazil and the appearance is worse than inflation
so we’re making it possible was Federal as announced just now we’re going
zero all federal taxes on diesel for two months as we seek
an alternative as we will definitely see from March onwards all
federal taxes on gas reduce so we are looking for alternatives and
showing the population what we're asking another question is
What's up
Marcelo Mattos is replacing Victor Bravo I would like to ask
for you are we are Marcelo is approaching and we will be successful
let's take the month of April For example right We will have on the 7th of April
auction of 22 airports on April 8th auction of the Integration railroad
west-east on the 9th of April 5 Port terminals on the Twenty-Nine
de Abril auction of br-153 in Goiás Tocantins on the 10th of June auction of
163 For the one we finished after 47 years and then the
auction of 381 in 262 Espírito Santo auction of Nova
Dutra that will be a tremendous auction on April 30th has Cedae auction and the
that we perceive is demand and the investor's willingness to enter are
realizing good opportunities we will see this at the airport auction in the
day seven even with all the crisis of the aviation market the demand for it
put is great so it is a sign a demonstration of confidence in Brazil of
correctness of our structuring of our economic policy of our policy
for the structure and really the investors are betting on our
country and seeing that here we have everything that the market needs potential for
growth and stability in contracts is a large consumer market and
excellent low returns lacking on the day question brought in to prepare our
social networks Facebook YouTube Instagram has 82 thousand people watching right Pingo
Sweet side Augusto luz Have you seen any Instagram of us focused on
Brazil 16,000 Political Sheet 3,000 Young Pan News Obvious across 120,000 people
we watch on these social media live here Thank you very much for
audience and when the people on my page are over, right, my
social networks peskitos go there the Picos dos rios and follow the end there the closing
that Augusto Luso's team always gives to our physiology
questions Zé Maria José Mauro Speaks Zé
good night i wonder if this rise in fuel prices has any
and interferes in your ministry, it is possible that they are contributing in some way
way there to at least stabilize fuel prices thank you I think
who is the president spoke here on live, you have this president of zeroing the
Federal tribute right decided this after a meeting with the Minister of Economy in the
on fuels for on on diesel oil for the next two months to give us
time to prepare right to move forward and structural measures right We will
working on the electronic transport document that should be a revolution in
transport sector because it will make the trucker bankable will allow
that he has here will eliminate intermediates from the process will increase
the income will decrease the loss of money with an intermediary and also decrease the
transaction cost we have the question of the medium truck driver who is in Congress
which is a project that is being a priority and greatly reduce the value of
with The Trucker and give him a breather
also and a perspective of the future makes it more competitive in relation to the
fleet owner is we then have to the study of the fuel issue this
that is being taken into account so there are some alternatives for
cushion this volatility that comes in the foreign market so we are
working all possibilities to make the cost of transportation and lower there
the life of our steering wheel professional is especially easy there we have factors
Zé Maria is also external and it’s when it’s winter
excessive as you are seeing for example in Russia a consumption where edigard of
fuel oils stayed to give consumption beyond the normal is the demand being a ro
price rises it seems that Saudi Arabia is now about to return to increase its
production this can lower the petal price off now has the dollar here
inside the DOC inside the high ones I don't know how much closed today, you know, but it's still high
it is necessary to pass the House R $ 5 and low how do the reforms with measures
structural elements that can awaken more than attention is the security of the
investor and no one will buy anything here at
Brazil if it is safe I will invest I don't know if I put the return
so we are going to do what we can, she is expected to be God
want Chrome here soon the market conditions and the dollar lowering
low fuels now had screens right across Brazil that are responsible
why we speak here you with that one is not worth it because what is just that
goes above the profit I have no heart but if Brazil there does not engage in a
good way everyone is going to lose it is better to be alone everyone win a little
less right and for a longer time than that guys for a short time that the
loss will be us Gerson present from Inmetro one thing says there the novelty will
learning from news always has good news, right?
working very hard on the agenda of the principles
the name goes through then we apply the risk rating as suggested
not placed in the Decree that in practice several products that previously had all
bureaucracy to be approved today this approval of automatic no longer has
the approval bureaucracy continues to have to obey all the rules of
security then does not affect security but within the risk rating it does not
had to stay a bureaucratic process to prove this product by
this gives more security and boosts the economy too
you need to boil it so also get ready to go for a walk there is a
lot of someone to date president ok come on i think we're going tomorrow
for Pernambuco, the capacity we will pose in the
Paraíba and Pernambuco Caetano On Saturday It is planned to be in Campinas I have a
event there and then it's so doing the class meeting of my class from
Army Cadet Preparatory School is the class that started in 73 and
graduated in 76 1 the son uninstalled was to do
York internship there I was wondering when will it work when it is complete 12
years that the power of l'aquila ask for there so folks i'm 73 and if
graduated in 76 there must be a Master 60 people in our class there 75
so it's always good to meet the gang, right, remembering the good times, you know what I mean
I spoke there when nine at night finished the mandatory study at 9 o'clock
finish 9:30 ends mandatory study ringing a bell and guys the kids
will run away who had a snack that was known as a joke the rest was
known as crochet that kids 14 15 16 you can't have a good time Leo
you just have to say that he used to drink that bread with the veil and that coffee
with milk with Salitre is just said that if the parlor was to give a quiet lion of
but ending one day it started at six in the morning with Alvorada,
morning had class until 11:30 in the afternoon physical education and from 7 to 9:30 at night
2:30 the step the word has passed I am also
shepherd then it's the heavy bar it's just the hell out of the way, right? And when I played 96
the class ran out There was a graduation but if she was running to take a joke
taking a cold shower in Campinas is with a hot shower not the cold shower there it was
it hurts the bones, right? And there's a passage with me there that you never forget
right I managed to buy at the time the radio of a cell radio a headset
hearing was something that phenomenal few people and that right and I was sleeping
once heard a radio radio only picked up a radio station in Campinas
and there was a Calypso museum that the wind only talked about a lot, it was sparkling in
yourself and had an advertisement right two in the morning cemeteries Flamboyant
the eternal one is removed spoke of us put hahaha at once I was sleeping right
a noise came from the side you changed hit me Wake up animal ready to Face
the number of the size advance number right there is 11 411 I can know why I am
being punished roasted radio on but I have a headset at the CNC
written the radio on does not speak in headset So it will be punished Saturday
Sunday I spent Saturday Sunday there disgusted
I bought that little cell radio with earphone he must have
your stories too personal thank you very much gerson for food thank you
by Tarcísio then the structure told me Thanks for the work for the dedication
you have that you have for Brazil Dear Rosângela thanks again
and that you certainly attend to that group, in addition to 230 thousand now
some people aim to accompany you to take here is just Pingo Doce
thank you very much, I'm going to put the drops back on the is to
and follow the end of our good night everyone until Thursday
that comes if God wants and I have an audience now I'm sick
there is